BEST MOTHERBOARD: HOW TO CHOOSE THE BEST OF 2021?

Welcome to you who follow this revealing article on ReviewBox Brasil about motherboards. Those who need to buy the product and still have doubts have a lot to gain by reading everything to best motherboards the end. Let's reveal the secrets to excel at shopping!
https://technoburst.com/best-motherboards-for-ryzen-9-5900x/ to know about the best motherboards.
Maybe you're setting up a special computer for certain tasks like gaming or bitcoin mining. Know that the machines' usage goals determine the choice of motherboard type to be used in the project.

In this text we will reveal everything anyone needs to know before buying a motherboard. See which models are the best, the average price and the variables of the most important computer parts component.

First, the most important
You need to know all the technical features of the computer you are going to build before buying the motherboard.
Some motherboard brands that are easy to find on the market are: ASUS, Gigabyte, MSI and ASRock.
Onboard motherboards already come with audio and video capabilities. Offboard cards have superior graphics capability in audiovisual reproduction.

**Best Motherboards: Our Recommendations**
The secret of the best computers is in the small details like the motherboard. There are many variations of this product on the market. To buy with awareness, it is important to know the main features of the versions that are most successful in online stores. They are in the following list:

A flexible, heavy-duty motherboard
Waste-protected motherboard
Motherboard with surge protection


A flexible, heavy-duty motherboard

Intel 1151 Ddr4 Atx Motherboard, Asus, Rog Maximus X Co, Black

The product is 24 centimeters wide and 25 centimeters long with black color. This robust technology release manages to evolve the potential of Intel's Z370 chipset.

The production stands out for being very flexible, so it can reach different types of audiences that assemble computers for different purposes. In the model there is 1TB for the memory size and plenty of resistance against short circuits.

Waste-protected motherboard
MOTHER BOARD GIGABYTE H310M H 2.0 INTEL 9MH310MH2-00-10, Gigabyte, 9MH310MH2-00-10

This motherboard from the Gigabyte brand stands out in the market for its protection against sulfur residues in the air. The structure has a superior defense to small resistors capable of the best motherboards generating chemical changes that result in shorts.

The production works as support for Intel Celeron and Intel Core processors, among others. This model features sockets to support a maximum 32GB. This 600 gram version is ready to run on Windows 10.

Motherboard with surge protection

Asus Prime Z390-A LGA1151 motherboard (Intel 8th and 9th generation) ATX DDR4 DP HDMI M.2 USB 3.1 Generation 2 Gigabit LAN

At 5 centimeters wide and 17 centimeters long, this board supports Intel Core or Intel Pentium processors. The version has a higher power when playing sounds because of the feature called “Audio Boost”.

The motherboard has advanced engineering to prevent damage from overvoltage. It is a product of excellent high-definition graphic quality.

Buying Guide
The fashion for using powerful motherboards in assembling gaming computers is growing very fast. Other people look for these components to fix the family PC. The truth is that computers are so present in our daily lives, and although we don't realize it, motherboards are fundamental.

From this point best motherboards on in the text you better understand the details of the product. Pay attention to model variables before shopping.

